What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little 'clever' comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8? i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked ova 300 chocolate globbernaughts frum tha corner shop. im trained in street fitin' & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym. yer nothin to me but a cheeky lil bellend w/ a fit mum & fakebling. ill waste u and smash a fokin bottle oer yer head bruv, i swer 2 christ. ya think u can fokin run ya gabber at me whilst sittin on yer arse behind a lil screen? think again wanka. im callin me homeboys rite now preparin for a proper scrap. A roomble thatll make ur nan sore jus hearin about it. yer a waste bruv. me crew be all over tha place & ill beat ya to a proper fokin pulp with me fists wanka. if i aint satisfied w/ that ill borrow me m8s cricket paddle & see if that gets u the fok out o' newcastle ya daft kunt. if ye had seen this bloody fokin mess commin ye might a' kept ya gabber from runnin. but it seems yea stupid lil twat, innit? ima shite fury & ull drown in it m8. ur ina proper mess knob.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about crows, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in environmental science, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret studies on crow behavior, and I have over 300 confirmed alt accounts. I am trained in vote brigading and I have the top comment karma on this entire website. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will downvote you with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that about crows over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of taxonomists across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the brigade, jackdaw. The brigade that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your account. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can downvote you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with alt accounts. Not only am I extensively trained in taxonomy, but I have access to the entire Latin names of the Corvidae family and I will use it to its full extent to prove you wrong and downvote your miserable ass off the face of the internet, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit downvotes all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, jackdaw.
What sad and anxious thing did you just say about yourself, you awesome human? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class with the Wholesomememers, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Me_Irl and other places spreading insecurity, and I have over 300 confirmed Compliments. I am trained in friendly memery and I’m the top Complimenter in the entire World and so are you. You are everything to me and for someone else. I will wipe your insecurities out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my nice words. You think you can get away with saying something that mean about yourself? Think again, friendo. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of awesome humans across the world and your anxiety is being replaced right now so you better prepare for the good feelings. The Memes that wipe out the pathetic feelings will help you. You’re fucking awesome, kid. I can be everywhere, everytime, and I can help you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed hugging, but I have access to the entire arsenal of /r/WholesomeMemes and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable Mood off the face of the continent, you little cutie. If only you could have known what awesome mood your little “sad” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you wouldn't have waited so long. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and thats good! Your bad mood is gone, you beautiful creature. I will send Happiness all over you and you will flourish in it. You’re fucking awesome, kiddo.
What the fuck are you doing in my fucking swamp you little farquaad? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the brogres, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on your anus, and have ogre 300 confirmed layers. I am trained in making early 2000's pop cultural references, and am the top ogre in the entire far far away armed forces. You are nothing to me but another Drek. I will wipe you out with precision the likes of which have never been seen in Dreamworks, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that dreck to me over the swamp? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of fairy tale creatures across Far Far Away and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, Farquaad. The storm that will end your fucking life. It's fucking ogre, Donkey. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare asscheeks. Not only am I shrextensively trained in onionade combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Fairy Godmothers Factory and I will use it to its full shrextent to wipe your miserable little ass of of the face of mah swamp, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn Rumpelstiltskin. I will shrek fury all ogre you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, Pinocchio.
What dost thou just exclaim to thyself, you meager wench? I'll have thou know I graduated valedictorian at Cambridge University, and thy hath partaken in numerous invasions of France, and thyself have over 300 recorded slayings. Thyself hath been trained in chivalrous warfare and thyself am the top Longbowman in the entire King of England's army. Thou art not a thing but target to thyself. Thy will conquer thou with accuracy the likes of which hath never been witnessed before upon this fair isle, dwell upon my oration. Thou think thou can get away with proclaiming such filth to thyself via His Majesty's letter deliverance service? Repeat your thoughts, copulator. As we engage in conversation thyself art summoning thy clandestine company of shadowy individuals across His Majesty's kingdom and thou fortress doth be traced this day so thou best prepare for the ruckus, peasant. The ruckus that decimates the pathetic meager object thou proclaim thou vitae. Thou be mortem, child. Thy can roam any county, any sunrise to sunset, and thy can take thou life in above 700 technques, and that's using naught but thy own gauntlets. Not exclusively is thy extensively trained in duelling without a blade, but thy pertain access to the entire arsenal of the His Majesty's Royal Cavalry and thy will use it to its complete usefulness to wipe thou forlorn buttocks off the face of the kingdom, thou meager dropping. If only thou could hath foreseen the divine retribution thou meager "quick-witted" exclamation would in due time bringeth upon thou, perhaps thou would hath halted thou tongue. Thou could not, thou did not, and thou art paying the blasted bounty, thou God forsaken imbicile. Thy shall excrete fury upon thou and thou will suffocate on said fury. Thou be vanquished, child.
What the hell did you just say about me, you big phony? I’ll have you know I was kicked out of Pencey Prep, and I’ve been involved in a numerous prostitution attempts, and I have smoked over 300 cigarettes. I am versed in composition writing and I’m the craziest sex maniac in the entire world. You are nothing to me but another phony. I will goddam sock the hell out of you with all my might, for Chrissake. You think you can get away with saying that to me over the Internet and all? Think again, you moron. As we speak I am buzzing my incognito network of ducks around the park and your address is being tracked right now so you better prepare for the winter, lousy bastard. The winter that freezes the fish and all in the pond. You’re goddamn dead, I’m not kidding. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can complain in over seven hundred different ways, and that’s just about my lousy brother D.B. Not only can I whine about everything, but I can dance with every dopey girl that I meet in a bar and I will dance until I knock you out, I swear. If you would know about how I would plug you with six shots with my automatic when I’m bleeding and all, maybe you would have shut your mouth. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and know you’re going to pay the damn price and all, you corny big shot. I will drink highballs all over your room and you will hit the ceiling. You’re a goddamn phony, sonuvabitch. I’m not kidding.
What was that which you just said about me, my friend? I think you ought to know that I have completed my time as a novice-monk, and I've passed through the Gateless Gate, and I've lived for over 300 cycles of rebirth. I am trained in anapanasati and I'm the most senior bhikkhuni in my local sangha. You are nothing to me but just another human being worthy of dignity and respect. I will have compassion upon you with loving-kindness the likes of which has never been seen before in the Cycle of Samsara - you would do well to remember these words. Do you believe that you can say these things and still escape the principle of dependent origination? Perhaps you should reexamine those beliefs, brother. As we speak I am contemplating the importance of accepting your words with detachment and equanimity, so, without malice, I advise you to prepare for the storm, young one. The storm of suffering that afflicts all living creatures in this world. You are trapped in a cycle of death and rebirth, child. Not only am I extensively trained in the Mahayana Tripitaka, but I have access to the entire Pali canon as well, and I will use its teachings to their full extent to help alleviate the suffering within you which causes you to say hurtful things about others. You could reach Nirvana anywhere, any time, and I can help you achieve enlightenment in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with the study of Koan. If only you could understand what evil karma these words of yours would sow, perhaps you would have had the wisdom to keep silent. Nevertheless, this was beyond what you have been prepared for, and so I promise that I will do my best to ease the suffering that you have brought upon yourself. I will teach you the path of the Bodhisattva and you will revel in it. Your suffering may yet reach its end, child.
What the Helix did you just fucking say about me, you little ledge? I’ll have you know I graduated last in my class at Silph Co, and I’ve been involved in prolonged erratic walking within Rock Tunnel, and I have over 300 confirmed saves per minute. I am trained in sand attack warfare and I’m the top tree cutter in the entire Helix Fossil armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another TM. I will toss you away with a lack of precision the likes of which has never been seen before, mark my 10,000 fucking words. You think you can get away with pressing the start button over the Internet? Think again, Eevee. As we speak I am spamming chat to gather my secret network of 'b' spammers across Kanto, and your Pokemon ID is being traced right now so you better prepare for the Pidgeot, you Dome fossil. The Pidgeot that blows away the pathetic little thing you call your sanity. And trust me, Now's not the time to use that , kid. I can be anywhere but where you want me to be, and I can solve puzzles in over seven hundred thousand steps, and that’s just with my thousands of bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in cutting tress in under 4 hours, but I have access to Jay Leno and I will use it to its full extent to push you off various ledges, you little Kabuto. If only you could have known what unholy frustration your little “start” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have prayed to the almighty Helix Fossil. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying with nuggets, you idiot. I will release vital Pokemon from the PC all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking tossed, Dome Fossil.
What da doo-doo did yousa just say about meesa, yousa litta bitty bitch? I’ll has yousa know meesa graduated bombad of meesa class in da Jedi Seals, and meesa been involved in numerous secret raids on da Federation, and meesa has over 300 confirmed kills. Meesa trained in guerilla warfare and meesa da bombad sniper in da entire Republic armed forces. Yousa nutting to meesa but just another target. Meesa ganna wipe yousa da doo-doo out with precision da likein of which has never been seen before on dis Naboo, mark meesa doo-doo words. Yousa thinkin yousa ganna getin away with sayin da doo-doo to meesa over da internet? Thinkin again, fucker. As weesa speak meesa contacting meesa secret network of spies across da Republic and yousa IP is bein traced right now so yousa bombad prepare for da storm, maggot. Da storm dat wipes out da pathetic litta bitty thing yousa call yousa life. Yousa doo-doo dead, kid. Meesa ganna be anywhere, anytime, and meesa ganna kill yousa in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with meesa bare hands. Not only meesa extensive train in unarm combat, but meesa access to da entire arsenal of da Republic Jedi Order and meesa ganna use it to its full extent to wipe yousa miserable doo-doo off da face of da galaxy, yousa litta bitty doo-doo. If only yousa can has known what unholy retribution yousa litta bitty “clever” comment was about to bring down upon yousa, maybe yousa woulda held yousa doo-doo tongue. But yousa couldn’t, yousa didn’t, and now yousa gonna pay da price, yousa goddamn idiot. Meesa ganna doo-doo fury all over yousa and yousa ganna drown in it. Yousa doo-doo dead, kiddo.